What we accomplished here
has never been done in
a German production before.
She’s got these robot arms.
It’s like an...
arsenal of household weapons.
So it’s a hybrid form.
That means it has a physical presence,
but also has digital elements.
For me it was just...
so incredible to get a genre series
“made in Germany” off the ground.
I play a house.
I never knew I wanted that.
But then I realized that
I always wanted to play a house.
It's a family and love story
that takes a really crazy turn.
There were the robot boys.
It was three dudes who somehow...
steered Cassandra around
with a lot of devotion and
the occasional crash.
She’s exactly 1m62cm tall,
the exact same as our actress Lavinia.
I’m Nico Nitsch.
I built the robot’s mechanical parts.
The first thing you hear as a director is
“never shoot with kids or animals,”
I think now I would add
never shoot with robots,
And... action!
David!
because they are also very stubborn
and make a lot of mistakes.
Keep the arms down until the closet.
There are actually three of us steering her,
in some scenes there’s even four of us.
Because I drive
while a second puppeteer
controls the head and the facial expressions.
With the robot, the main question is always,
“Will it get there without
bumping into anything?”
And that's not usually the case
with a normal actor,
unless he shows up drunk.
Cut!
I was particularly inspired by
70s household objects.
It's not a horror film monster,
but rather, a three dimensional character,
which at the right moments,
has to appear threatening and spooky.
You have to let us go immediately.
Or...
...Or what?
Dessert?
In a very short time, I learned
a brand new job
called motion capturing.
Now, look down.
I sat in a room,
we called it “the cubbyhole,”
it wasn’t the prettiest thing,
but somehow it was comfy.
Rehearsal is up.
And... action on rehearsal!
She had to play unbelievably big.
Every expression had to be exaggerated
so the avatar could pick it up.
The whole system is based on
real-time facial tracking.
Look at yourself Cassandra.
Whoever you used to be...
you’re not that anymore.
Cassandra, in this case Lavinia...
is filmed by a camera,
which generates an animated
image with synchronized sound.
That’s distributed throughout
the set on all the monitors.
and in the robot’s display.
She also has a teleprompter,
where she can see the point of view
of her digital self.
Because all the monitors on set,
as well as the robot have
little built-in cameras.
It was clear from the start
that it had to have a built-in lawn mower.
There were specific situations
where the robot had to
shake hands, or slice bread,
where we removed the mechanical arm
and replaced it with a digital one.
There were also things in the script
that the robot could obviously never do.
Like the scene where it mows the lawn.
That will never work,
we don’t even need to try that.
That’s why there is also a completely
digital version of the robot.
She’s not just a robot,
she’s really the entire house.
That mean’s she’s connected to
all the household devices.
Opening doors, turning on the heat...
that’s all Cassandra.
She’s really a great character.
Cassandra runs the household...
But her worldview is
stuck in the 70s.
Your mom just got home Finn!
Don’t you want to help her
carry in the groceries?
In Cassandra, people can look forward
to a story where nothing is as it seems.
Lots of twists.
Unbelievable tension.
And I’m very excited to invite viewers
to discover this fairytale-like
story on Netflix.